README.md, before:

# trie-rs

Memory efficient trie (prefix tree) library based on LOUDS.

[Master API Docs](https://laysakura.github.io/trie-rs/trie_rs/)
|
[Released API Docs](https://docs.rs/crate/trie-rs)
|
[Benchmark Results](https://laysakura.github.io/trie-rs/criterion/report/)
|
[Changelog](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/laysakura/trie-rs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/laysakura/trie-rs)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/trie-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/trie-rs)
[![Minimum rustc version](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.33+-lightgray.svg)](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs#rust-version-supports)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT)
[![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/LICENSE-APACHE)

## Quickstart

To use trie-rs, add the following to your `Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
trie-rs = "0.1"  # NOTE: Replace to latest minor version.
```

### Usage Overview
(TBD)

## Features
(TBD)

## Versions
trie-rs uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

Since current major version is _0_, minor version update might involve breaking public API change (although it is carefully avoided).

## Rust Version Supports

trie-rs is continuously tested with these Rust versions in Travis CI:

- 1.33.0
- Latest stable version

So it expectedly works with Rust 1.33.0 and any newer versions.

Older versions may also work, but are not tested or guaranteed.

## Contributing

Any kind of pull requests are appreciated.

### Guidelines

- `README.md` is generated from `$ cargo readme` command. Do not manually update `README.md` but edit `src/lib.rs` and then `$ cargo readme > README.md`.
- Travis CI automatically does the following commit & push to your pull-requests:
    - `$ cargo readme > README.md`
    - `$ cargo fmt --all`

## License

MIT OR Apache-2.0

Commit message:

Benchmark w/ EDICT (#12)
* adds EDICT2 from http://www.edrdg.org/jmdict/edict.html (converted to UTF-8)

* verup louds-rs

* adds edict.furigana and how to build this file

* remove edict2

* predictive_search() bench

* exact_match() bench

* common_prefix_search() bench

* prints words in dictionary

* cargo readme > README.md

README.md, after:

# trie-rs

Memory efficient trie (prefix tree) library based on LOUDS.

[Master API Docs](https://laysakura.github.io/trie-rs/trie_rs/)
|
[Released API Docs](https://docs.rs/crate/trie-rs)
|
[Benchmark Results](https://laysakura.github.io/trie-rs/criterion/report/)
|
[Changelog](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/laysakura/trie-rs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/laysakura/trie-rs)
[![Crates.io Version](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/trie-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/trie-rs)
[![Crates.io Downloads](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/trie-rs.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/trie-rs)
[![Minimum rustc version](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.33+-lightgray.svg)](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs#rust-version-supports)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT)
[![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/LICENSE-APACHE)

## Quickstart

To use trie-rs, add the following to your `Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
trie-rs = "0.1"  # NOTE: Replace to latest minor version.
```

### Usage Overview
(TBD)

## Features
(TBD)

## Acknowledgments
[`edict.furigana`](https://github.com/laysakura/trie-rs/blob/master/benches/edict.furigana) is used for benchmark.
This file is constructed in the following step:

1. Download `edict.gz` from [EDICT](http://www.edrdg.org/jmdict/edict.html).
2. Convert it from original EUC into UTF-8.
3. Translate it into CSV file with [edict-to-csv](https://pypi.org/project/edict-to-csv/).
4. Extract field $1 for Hiragana/Katakana words, and field $3 for other (like Kanji) words.
5. Translate Katakana into Hiragana with [kana2hira](https://github.com/ShellShoccar-jpn/misc-tools/blob/master/kata2hira).

Many thanks for these dictionaries and tools.

## Versions
trie-rs uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

Since current major version is _0_, minor version update might involve breaking public API change (although it is carefully avoided).

## Rust Version Supports

trie-rs is continuously tested with these Rust versions in Travis CI:

- 1.33.0
- Latest stable version

So it expectedly works with Rust 1.33.0 and any newer versions.

Older versions may also work, but are not tested or guaranteed.

## Contributing

Any kind of pull requests are appreciated.

### Guidelines

- `README.md` is generated from `$ cargo readme` command. Do not manually update `README.md` but edit `src/lib.rs` and then `$ cargo readme > README.md`.
- Travis CI automatically does the following commit & push to your pull-requests:
    - `$ cargo readme > README.md`
    - `$ cargo fmt --all`

## License

MIT OR Apache-2.0
